# N-doped-CVD-MoS2-with-WS2-as-quantum-dots

Broadband photodetection is critical for biological imaging, communications, and environmental and spectrum monitoring, among other defence and scientific uses. Due to their outstanding optoelectronic properties and significant optical absorbance for their atomic thing thickness, transition metal dichalcogenide semiconductors from the two-dimensional layered materials family have attracted particular attention in recent years for their application in photodetection. In addition, TMDs also have a wide range of optical sensitivity, a configurable bandgap, no dangling bonds, ten large-scale production capabilities using chemical vapour deposition (CVD), and compatibility with complementary silicon metal-oxide-semiconductor.

Theoretically and experimentally, photodetectors based on MoS2 (one of the early TMDs) have also been extensively researched. Several synthetic approaches have been used to create luminous MoS2 nanoparticles since the discovery of their luminosity. As a result, MoS2 was one of the first TMDs to undergo a comprehensive photodetection study. Despite this, the device has always had the disadvantage of having high quantum efficiency or a high switching timing. Several approaches to overcome this disadvantage have been developed in recent years. In this paper, we propose a unique strategy for improving the photoluminescent features of the MoS2 photodetector by combining WS2 QDs with nitrogen doping to create a p-type material.
